Ramya peri
Baden, Switzerland 
cell: +41 779412006; ramyaperi2@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ramya-peri-8737086
IT analyst | Software Engineer - Seeking new Opportunities - Holds valid Swiss Work Autorization


SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Ramya is recognised as cohesive Team Player with strong analytical, problem solving, planning, organising, communication & interpersonal skills
 Having worked on projects at European locations with very good feedback from client on both technical aspect as well as cultural integration with team, was successful at building good working relationships with a wide variety of people, within customer organisation.
Has displayed strong coordination & Issue Resolution ability between various Technical Infrastructure and Application Teams for timely Project Implementation.
Has also displayed Solution driven Leadership abilities in activity planning and organising employee engagement activities in co-ordination with Human resources

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Planned break 								Jan 2015 - now	Due to relocation and maternity 	

Pursued animation as a hobby 
Python for Everybody Specialization from coursera [https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/specialization/TPGG8Y29MMYN]
			
Engineering Calculation tool – LIFE development – Phase 2                     Mar 2013 – Jan 2015 As Information Technology Business Analyst at Infosys
		 Learning and implementing the data extraction from a client specific database, MSC MVision Material Database. MDB is client specific database, without jdbc drives like oracle or sql. Client had an environment of database backup in file system on a server to increase the performance as they performance could not be achieved. Proposed and delivered a tool that can extract data in 4s directly from database, compared to 80s from the local back up that was created to improve performance. This project is very important for the client since they were not able to make any progress here over the years and were struggling with the database
						  Engineering Calculation tool – LIFE development – Phase 1        Mar 2012 – Mar 2013 As Information Technology Business Analyst at Infosys
 Development of java swings based desktop application, with all the properties for each of the module being extendable by extending the property files classified and separated for each module. Application to run external exe files and extract the results to the application 

Product & Plant Life cycles management Implementation - Agile EDM     Sep 2011 – Feb 2012
As System Analyst at Infosys

Installation, Integration and customisation of PLM package for CRP of a major client. This is equally challenging as PLM packages in general have lots of dependencies on platform and are very particular about the versions of the software packages involved. Have pro-actively taken company level work packages to extend the knowledge to different domains.



Bill of Material management – PLM Package Enovia e-matrix                Sep 2010 – Aug 2011
As System Analyst at Infosys


Development, Enhancement of multiple projects on Product Life cycle
Management, operated from the Off-shore development center at Mysore,
including regular periodic meeting with Client Representative. With only the
job training of e-matrix package, due to stringent deadlines.
Development of new features as well as customization of existing PLM
packages like e-matrix developed in java. Developed functionality that allowed definition and identification of various manufacturing locations for routing parts effectively and productively.



Engineering Analysis & simulation tool – RSG development                    Sep 2008 – Aug 2010 
As System Analyst at Infosys

Reverse engineering of legacy FORTARN code and implementing the same with enhanced features with JAVA using Eclipse RCP framework. Develop a plugin-in by understanding plugin architecture. Team


Education
Bachelor of Technology (B Tech), Information Technology, Andhra University, Vishakhpatnam, India. 2004 - 2008

Certifications
SUN certified java programmer
Python for Everybody Specialization 
Capstone: Retrieving, Processing, and Visualizing Data with Python 
Using Databases with Python
Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)
 Python Data Structures 
Using Python to Access Web Data
Honors 
Award for Excellence, Infosys Ltd. , Part of Infosys Award for Excellence winning team for Alstom Engineering Tools Team, Jan 2014

 Infosys Spot award, Infosys Ltd. , Infosys Spot award (Rookie) winner for taking up critical project activity with learning the technology on the job , May 20